Update traefik.yaml to pull the latest version of traefik (#255)
mspnp/aks-secure-baseline: 07-workload-prerequisites.md

>    :warning: If you already have access to an appropriate certificate, or can procure one from your organization, consider using it for this step. For more information, please take a look at the [import certificate tutorial using Azure Key Vault](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/certificates/tutorial-import-certificate#import-a-certificate-to-key-vault).
> 
>    :warning: Do not use the certificate created by this script for actual deployments. The use of self-signed certificates are provided for ease of illustration purposes only. For your cluster, use your organization's requirements for procurement and lifetime management of TLS certificates, _even for development purposes_.
>    
>    :warning: If uploading your key in a combined PEM file make sure the private key is encoded in PKCS8 format or it will be rejected by Azure Key Vault as unreadable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :warning: If you already have access to an [appropriate certificate](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/certificates/certificate-scenarios#formats-of-import-we-support), or can procure one from your organization, consider using it for this step. For more information, please take a look at the [import certificate tutorial using Azure Key Vault](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/certificates/tutorial-import-certificate#import-a-certificate-to-key-vault).

   :warning: Do not use the certificate created by this script for actual deployments. The use of self-signed certificates are provided for ease of illustration purposes only. For your cluster, use your organization's requirements for procurement and lifetime management of TLS certificates, _even for development purposes_.
```

What do you think about this?  I'm nervous that someone will think they need to "do something" different than what these instructions are showing with it being called out so boldly like this.

Author: That works great actually.  It took me quite a while to find that nugget of info when following the instructions.

Reviewer: Yeah, I didn't even think about adding that bit of information.  I'm glad we can add a link there to help.
